# KACTL

This repo hosts KU_Second_team's ICPC team reference document.
We used KACTL's tool to build this document.
It consists of 25 pages of copy-pasteable C++ code, for use in ICPC-style programming competitions.

See [kactl.pdf](./kactl.pdf) for the final, browsable version, and [content/](./content/) for raw source code.

## Customizing KACTL

While KACTL is usable as is, it's also easy to modify if you want to create a personalized copy.
In particular, you may want to change the cover page, or make your own choice of algorithms to include --
due to space concerns, not all algorithms in the repo are included in the pdf.
You may also want to enable colored syntax highlighting.

`content/kactl.tex` is the main file of KACTL, and can be edited to change team name, logo, syntax highlighting, etc.
It imports `chapter.tex` files from each of the `content/` subdirectories, which define the contents of each chapter.
These include source code, text and math in the form of LaTeX.
To add/remove code from a chapter, add/remove a corresponding `\kactlimport` line from the `chapter.tex` file.
For nicer alignment you might want to insert `\hardcolumnbreak`, `\columnbreak` or `\newpage` commands,
though this is usually only done before important contests, and not on the main branch.
The algorithms that are not included in the pdf are left commented out in `chapter.tex`.

To build KACTL, type `make kactl` (or `make fast`) on a \*nix machine -- this will update `kactl.pdf`.
(Windows might work as well, but is not tested.) `doc/README` has a few more notes about this.

Tips:
1. Check out what's excluded by default by running `make showexcluded`.
The default configuration is chosen to be a reasonable balance for beginners
and advanced teams.
2. Take advantage of the hashing when typing in these algorithms. Each
algorithm has a 6 character MD5 hash in the upper right. This hash can be
generated by using `hash.sh` or the `:Hash` command from the `.vimrc`. The
hashing ignores whitespace and comments.

